c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.UI.Web.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.UI.Web.pdb
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\obj\Debug\DRS.UI.Web.dll
c:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\obj\Debug\DRS.UI.Web.pdb
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\obj\Debug\DRS.UI.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.DTO.dll
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.ServiceManager.dll
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.DataManager.dll
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.Entity.dll
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\FluentData.dll
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.DTO.pdb
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.ServiceManager.pdb
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.DataManager.pdb
C:\Users\b.sonmez\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrinkRequestSystem\DRS.UI.Web\bin\DRS.Entity.pdb
